fix(curriculum): fix writing issues in debugging techniques lectures (#67932)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-debugging-techniques/6733aa9b006d29f4d11307a5.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `RangeError` happens when your code tries to use a value that's outside the range of what JavaScript can handle. Here is an example of assigning an invalid value to an array's length:
```

const arr = ["Beau", "Quincy" "Tom"]
```

Each array element needs to be separated by a comma, otherwise it will result in an error message.

The second common JavaScript error is a `ReferenceError`. There are several types of `ReferenceError`s, triggered in different ways. The first type of `ReferenceError` would be not defined variables.

```js
console.log(price);
```

> In this example, we are trying to log the `price` variable to the console but it hasn’t been defined. This will result in a `ReferenceError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we are trying to log the `price` variable to the console but it hasn't been defined. This will result in a `ReferenceError`.
```
